Add InfluxDB 3 query guides (#5798)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/core/query-data/execute-queries/influxdb-v1-api.md

---
title: Use the InfluxDB v1 HTTP query API and InfluxQL to query data
seotitle: Use InfluxQL and InfluxDB v1 HTTP query API
list_title: Use the v1 query API and InfluxQL
description: >

>   Use the InfluxDB v1 HTTP query API to query data in InfluxDB Clustered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the InfluxDB v1 HTTP query API to query data in {{< product-name >}}
```
